

------ NOM_ADJ ------

manière unilatérale
révolution numérique
révolution numérique
Portrait chinois
site français
groupe américain
commerce électronique
couverture sociale
« complète
garanties commerciales
garanties légales
clientèle privée
directeur général
carte bancaire
croissance effrénée
« faux
directeur général
norme française
adoption internationale
travail indépendant
travail atypique
plates-formes numériques
sortie imminente
PS4 «
Entreprises numériques
évasion fiscale
position dominante
vie privée
directeur général
Association française
consommation intérieure
maison française
sac inédit
publicité trompeuse
débouchés inespérés
« nouvel
conversation humaine
vecteur principal
applications mobiles
fusées réutilisables
Falcon 9
Station spatiale
tentatives infructueuses
fusées réutilisables
viande synthétique
fermes verticales
viande synthétique
redressement judiciaire
produits électroniques
sites e-marchands
cash-back payantes
loi relative
distance «
sens défavorable
échantillon gratuit
coordonnées bancaires
commerce électronique
société indépendante
garanties commerciales
Alibaba africain
compétition sociale
violence physique
débordements violents
rivalité matérielle
héritiers naturels
poids lourds
monde industriel
cadre juridique
plates-formes numériques
plates-formes collaboratives
activité professionnelle
géants mondiaux
colis express
traitement automatique
données personnelles
commerce numérique
logiciels français
solution collaborative
entreprise allemande
prêt-à-porter prédictif
groupe américain
