
                
----------------Nom Adj-------------------
                
                
manière unilatérale
révolution numérique
révolution numérique
site français
groupe américain
commerce électronique
drapeau indien
couverture sociale
garanties commerciales
garanties légales
jeux vidéo
directeur général
carte bancaire
croissance effrénée
directeur général
République numérique
norme française
adoption internationale
travail indépendant
travail atypique
plates-formes numériques
sortie imminente
Entreprises numériques
évasion fiscale
position dominante
directeur général
Association française
consommation intérieure
consommateurs chinois
organisation anti-Google
maison française
sac inédit
plate-forme chinoise
publicité trompeuse
débouchés inespérés
conversation humaine
applications mobiles
fusées réutilisables
Station spatiale
tentatives infructueuses
fusées réutilisables
viande synthétique
fermes verticales
viande synthétique
redressement judiciaire
produits électroniques
cash-back payantes
loi relative
sens défavorable
échantillon gratuit
coordonnées bancaires
commerce électronique
société indépendante
garanties commerciales
Alibaba africain
compétition sociale
violence physique
débordements violents
culture marchande
rivalité matérielle
héritiers naturels
premiers industriels
poids lourds
monde industriel
cadre juridique
plates-formes numériques
plates-formes collaboratives
activité professionnelle
géants mondiaux
colis express
traitement automatique
données personnelles
commerce numérique
filière bio
logiciels français
solution collaborative
entreprise allemande
prêt-à-porter prédictif
entrepreneur allemand
plan social
groupe américain
